# Roles: 

Student, Teacher, Analyst, Admin

1. Student:
- Apply for courses and topics
- View course materials, content, and assignments
- Submit assignments
- See grades 

2. Instructor:
- Create courses and topics ( to be verified by admin)
- Create and manage course content, and assignments
- Grade assignments
- Approve the student's course registration
- View student progress and performance

3. Analyst:
- Access and analyze student performance data
- Generate reports on student progress and course effectiveness
- Course registration and management data
- View courses and topics which are highly demanded by students
- View student demographics, category, and skill

4. Admin:
- Approve instructor registration 
- Approve course and topic creation by instructors
- Manage user accounts and permissions
- Approve analyst registration
- View all data and reports generated by analysts

# Registration and Approval Process:

1. Student 
- Students can register on the platform by providing necessary information such as name, email, age, skill_level, country, and password.
- After registration, student can opt for login with email and password
- Students can browse available courses and apply for the ones they are interested in.
- Student can view the course they are enrolled and the course materials, content, and assignments.
- The instructor will review the student's application and approve or reject it based on their criteria.

2. Instructor
- Instructors can register on the platform by providing necessary information such as name, email, teaching_years and  password.
- After registration, Instructors can login using email and password
- Instructors are approved by admin.
- Instructor create courses and topics, which will be subject to approval by the admin.
- Once approved, instructors can manage their courses, create and upload course materials, and assignments.
- Instructors can also view the students enrolled in their courses and grade their assignments.

3. Analyst
- Analysts can register on the platform by providing necessary information such as name, email and password.
- After registration, analysts can login using email and password
- Analysts are approved by admin.

4. Admin
- Admin approves instructor and analyst registration.
- Admin can create other admin accounts if necessary.

# Pages
1. Registration Page:
- Allows users to register as a student, instructor, analyst, or admin by providing necessary information such as name, email, password, and other relevant details based on their role.
- For Student : name, email, age, skill_level, country, password
- For Instructor : name, email, teaching_years, password
- For Analyst : name, email, password

2. Login Page: 
- Allows users to log in using their email and password.

3. Student Pages:
- Displays two sections: Dashboard and Courses.
- In My Enrollments: Student can see all the couses they are enrolled in.
- Clicking on the course will take the student to that course page where it contains the course materials, content, and assignments.
- The course page will fetch the student details and show student specific information (students grade for that course, assignments submitted, etc.).
- Students can submit their assignments through the course page and view their grades once they are graded by the instructor.

4. Instructor Pages:
- Displays two sections: Dashboard and Add Course.
- In Dashboard : Instructor can see all the courses they are teaching.
- Clicking on the course will take the instructor to that course page where it contains the course materials, content, and assignments, applied students .
- The course page will fetch the instructor details and show instructor specific information (number of students enrolled, assignments submitted, etc.).
- Instructors can create and upload course materials and assignments through the course page and grade student assignments for the students enrolled in their courses.
- Instructors can also view the students who have applied for their courses and approve or reject their applications.
- Instructors in Add course page can create new courses and topics, which will be subject to approval by the admin.

5. Analyst Pages:
- Displays a Dashboard section where analysts can access various reports and data analysis tools.
- Analyst can access all course and student data for analysis.
- Clicking on course data will show the course details, student enrollment, and performance metrics.
- It will also show general metrics such as the most popular courses, student demographics, and performance trends.

6. Admin Pages:
- Displays a Dashboard section where admins can manage user accounts, approve instructor and analyst registrations, and approve course and topic creation.
- Admin can view all pending instructor and analyst registrations and approve or reject them.
- Admin can view all pending course and topic creation requests and approve or reject them.
- Admin can also view all data and reports generated by analysts for oversight and decision-making purposes.    